Change MiniKube installation to require 1.12 cluster. (#873)
knative/docs: install/Knative-with-Minikube.md

## Before you begin

> Knative requires a Kubernetes cluster of v1.11, however if you will create one

Reviewer: Replace lines 12-14 with:
```
Although Knative requires a Kubernetes cluster v1.11 or newer, installing Knative on [Minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) requires a cluster v1.12 or newer.
```

> While Knative requires a Kubernetes cluster of v1.11 or newer in genereal, it requires a Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Knative requires a Kubernetes cluster of v1.11 or newer in general, Minikube requires a Kubernetes
```

Author: @samodell by `it` I refer to `knative` not `Minikube`

> cluster v1.12 or newer for MiniKube. If you don't have one, you can create one using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster v1.12 or newer. If you don't have one, you can create one using 
```
